accessibility--accessibility is an important factor to consider when making a website. without it ,disables persons wont be able to access your site'content or even the site itself. we come armed with tools that automatically integrate accessibilty plugins into your website, that way, disabled persons are able to contribute your website's traffic.

consistency--at webcolours, the core habit ofensuring consistency in websites has played a key role in converting customers to us. from headers to sidebars to navigation blocks etc. website consisitency ensures that your brand/website looks coherent and works harmoniously across all its different elements.


security--at webcolours, we leverage the power of trusted third party security tools for protecting your website against potential attacks. because we know the core importance of your customers' online security, we understand that it is thoroughkly vital to protect your website and the data it holds.


seo--according to digitalmarketinginstitute, seo is crucial because it makes your websites more visible , and that means more traffic and more opportunities to convert prospects into customers. here, we integrate seo things into your website, that way, you are guaranteed more organic driven traffic and a lasting relationship with google.


speed--every wwebsite needs to be as speedy as it can get because that is one of the crucial factors that determines how much traffic you get.own a slow loading website and your potential customers bounce off it. from scratch to production stage, webcolour always optimizes your website' weight so at the endf, you have a full fledged informative but super lightweight website which doesnt eat up your customers' machine's cpu resources and is accessible even to people with slow internet connection.


scalability--whether its an ecommerce website, a blog app, or a heavyduty enterprise website, we are are armed with the best scalability techniques for scaling your web thing(s) when the need arises,that way ,your customers are super satisfied with their interactions with you website.




